Now let's talk about the original point of our Choros which is AM Cupie and what it solves.
So as we learned earlier MPP is an advanced message Kroon protocol it's reliable and interoperable.
The solutions coming out of different vendors just simply work well.
Other products also failed.
It is highly standardized it is providing a wide range of features and we have lots of use cases but
of course we all know that.
And of course there is much more to it than these with AM Cupie.
So lets take an example and see where the benefits of keeping comes from.
So let's suppose we want completely different systems to exchange messages.
So we have a Wender a with Jowa application.
Then we have a Wender be with a dot Net application.
And in the middle of those two we have the Wender C with the M Q Cupie 1.0 broker.
So we want to communicate these two vendors and we're going to use Wender C which is the AM.
Q broker to do that render a publisher is the message from its job application to AM Cupie broker and
then Wender be Weathertop.
Now the application receives the message from the AM Cupie broker in the middle from the under-sea.
And as you can see these are all three different vendors with different capabilities.
One is using a job application to publish its message and the other one is using a dot Net application
to receive the message.
And in the middle of that we have a broker which is the standard within the communication channel.
So are underway and when we can communicate flawlessly with the broker in the middle of them it will
be a job application Dattner application or any other application that you can think of with the proper
and Cupie implementation.
You can just communicate through different platforms and services with the help of AM Cupie.
Simple as that.
So for Amcu side let's talk a little bit about the other features of it.
So am Cupie makes the difficult become practical as we saw with the previous example you can just communicate
with different platforms and applications and services you dont have to rely on a single system or single
application or a single language.
You might have a jello based implementation.
Talking to other applications and you dont have to know what the other application is implementing.
You just have to care about the message and the content of the message that you're going to deliver.
All amp Cupie clients enter operate with all and keep the servers.
This is what it was the point of our example in the previous slide.
So as you can remember job application was talking to a Dattner application behind the scenes that was
with the help of the AM Cupie broker diverse programming languages can communicate easily.
This is the same thing with our example again.
Legacy message brokers can be retrofitted to remove proprietary protocols from the networks.
So what this means is that when you implement Cupie you can just get rid of the legacy protocols from
your system because of its advanced technologies behind the scenes.
Amcu allows you to communicate instantly and in a modern fashion so you won't have to depend on those
unreliable technologies anymore you just have to implement your client for the AM Cupie application
and with an Cupie Brooke we're in the middle of everything.
You can just communicate with any client and Cupie is also a WHERE clause friendly platform and protocol.
It enables messaging as a cloud service.
So you simply want your Amcu people will Kura into the cloud and then you can just simply start publishing
and subscribing to those messages that you send and again publish and subscribe is one of the key features
of AM Cupie with the advanced features of publish and subscribe and copy.
You can simply use it as a publisher and subscribe client but with of course advanced features with
them Cupie you can define your messaging exchange as transactions with transaction messaging.
You can define fail over and or try mechanisms for your messages.
But that's not all of course with the transactional way of messaging you can provide a much more reliable
way of communication.
So let's talk about some of the use cases for AM Cupie do you want a real time feed of constantly updating
information.
That's no problem for AM Cupie do you want an encrypted assured transaction which is highly safe and
highly secured.
Then there is no issue with.
4 a.m. Cupie So you want your messages to be delivered when the destination becomes on line but not
the other way around.
No problem.
You want to send an enormous message while still receiving status updates or to the same network connection.
There's no problem with them Cupie do you want things to work on all popular operating systems and languages
just like we saw with our example there is no problem for that with an Cupie am Cupie basically solves
the technical part of connecting diverse applications and systems all together.
So you don't have to worry about the technical underlinings of the message delivery and transactions
all that is left for you to do is to focus on high Reiley over reacting to those information flows coming
out of your brokers and applications.
So these are the key aspects and key takeaways from AMD keep P.
We're of course going to see lots of things in action with the implementation of Robitaille.
Q Okay.
And keep cupie.